README.md, before:

# Project Title

One Paragraph of project description goes here

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

Add Project Title and Introduction to README

README.md, after:

# Titanic: Applying Machine Learning to Predict Survival on the Titanic
This repository contains my approaches to apply data science to predict Survival on Titanic, an actual incident and
popular learner problem on Kaggle.com  The repository includes scripts for data cleanup, feature selection, strategies
for data modelling, the original data sets and anaytics on the data to select appropriate ML algorithms and validate results.
Code is available in both R and Python.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
